# Twitter-Sentimental-Analysis

INTRODUCTION:
 
Twitter is a social media platform where people are encouraged to share their opinions about their experiences and current events. According to Statista, there were 192 million monetizable daily active users on Twitter during the fourth quarter of 2020. Meaning, 192 million people were posting and interacting with Tweets daily. While doing so, these people were generating petabytes of data. This data can be mined and leveraged to make business decisions that are most likely to be favored by the public. Specifically, Tesla Motors has recently identified a new competitor, Churchill Capital, and will benefit from monitoring the public opinion of their brand on Twitter compared to that of the newly identified competitor. By doing so, Tesla can be the first to spot social trends and decide if a marketing campaign is necessary to help mitigate the threats presented by the new competitor.

In the type of analysis mentioned above, the syntax and semantics of the text within each Tweet are processed according to a selected algorithm. This algorithm is trained according to historical occurrences to produce a model capable of determining whether a Tweet carries a positive or negative connotation for the subject in question. Moreover, this type of analysis is referred to as Sentiment Analysis and the positive or negative connotation generated in the output of the model is the known as sentiment. After a model has been trained to identify sentiment, the model is applied to a specified sample of Tweets to determine the sentiment of each tweet. These outputs can be transformed and aggregated to derive sentiment insights. Natural Language Processing or, NLP, is the section of Machine Learning Artificial Intelligence that works to automate the human process of interpreting language. Sentiment Analysis is one of the many applications of Natural Language Processing and is used to interpret the feelings expressed by the speaker within their language.

CONCLUSION :

As Tesla sits at the top of the market with a 795.8 Billion Dollar market cap, companies like Toyota ($207.5 Billion Market Cap) and Volkswagen ($96.7 Billion Market Cap) compete to identify and obtain new customers. But these Tesla competitors have been slow to achieve much success relative to the market leader (How Far Ahead Is Tesla Compared to Toyota and VW?). On February 22, 2021, Churchill Capital acquired Lucid Motors. Churchill Capital is a special purpose acquisition company and therefore, likely acquired Lucid Motors to take advantage of the massive amount of growth in the electronic vehicle sector. According to the article “Meet the EV Rival Gunning for Tesla's Market Share” from the Motley Fool, Churchill Capital’s newly acquired Lucid Motors has the potential to compete with Tesla because the performance and price of Lucid’s vehicles is said to be superior.
Furthermore, sentiment analysis can be conducted to determine if Tesla needs to take action to prevent Churchill Capital from obtaining a share of Tesla’s market. The results from this analysis can also be used by outside investors to determine which electronic vehicle manufacturer is the better investment. Like the competitor analysis, sentient of these manufacturers can be monitored to determine if the company is about to experience financial hardship caused by social factors.
